REQ-ID:MM-NFR-01
Description: The product shall only allow a ticket to be returned for a future event
Type: Usability and Humanity
Rationale: The process of returning tickets will take some time to complete, which is why events lying in the future at the beginning of the return process might lie in the past (or beyond sales closing time) at the end of the process. The ensuing error message causes at least inconvenience for the customer and potentially bad reputation for the operator
Fit Criterion: 95 % of users unfamiliar with the system and/or computers shall be able to complete the return process within 60 seconds
Originator: Markus Meyerhofer
Comment: [Markus M] NFR based on REQ_LA_02 added
Comment: [Sam] Adding suggested change request to fit criterion: Good. However, I want to know: what does unfamiliar mean? What makes a user unfamiliar? If I have seen the system for 10 seconds, does that make me familiar?
Comment: [PRD] Adding suggested change request to rationale (& fit criterion): I utterly agree that the ticket should only be allowed to be returned for a future event, but my understanding was that it meant 'returning' the ticket a day before the event, at least. Otherwise you could 'return' tickets after the event simply because you forgot to attend! If this was the rationale then the fit criterion would be very different, but easy to measure.
Comment: [JA] I would concur, and I'd add that any situation where this sort of "race condition" could be allowed to occur would be confusing at best, and potentially exploitable. My take would be that any attempt to avoid this through fast performance or speedy usability (while good in themselves) could not eliminate this. I'd propose that these two factors be separated - usability, and the (security) requirement that would prevent return of tickets close to the date of the event (as PRD describes). 
Comment: [MWC] I don't think that the fit criterion is relevant.  As the ticket should be (or could be) several days in the future, completing the return process within 60 seconds may be irrelevant.  The fit criteria should take into account the period in which the ticket could be resold and the customer then has time to organise travel and accommodation, so tickets cannot be returned seven days before the date on which the event is due to start.  The rationale would then include taking into account time for reallocation/resale of tickets and the logistics of organising travel from (say) Canada to the Gold Coast. 
