REQ-ID: MW_NFR1
Description: The product shall not generate excessive customer complaints if the return process is not completed for any reason.
Type: 12e
Rationale: Technical failures or customers choosing not to continue can interrupt a return of ticket(s) at any time. Customer complaints requiring manual reconciliation of payment and ticket(s) generates additional staff costs and potentially creates an unmanageable backlog.
Fit Criterion: On average no more than 9 tickets per 10,000 sold will require the ticket return to be completed manually.
Originator: Mark Wild
Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.
[MW] Inserted the NFR text
[DW] Added review response: Using a failure rate as the fit criterion seems appropriate. However it may be more helpful to specify "x tickets out of y tickets RETURNED", rather than "x tickets out of y tickets SOLD".
[JK] Added review response: Should the fit criterion be expand to test what happens during an interrupted return of tickets.  For example 'If the return process is interrupted the tickets shall still be assigned to the customer in 100% of cases'
Comment [Pat Burns]: I don’t feel this NFR is specific enough. The statement “return process is not completed for any reason” is very broad, ie.it might not be completed because a system fails part way through, it might fail because the credit back to their payment card was rejected (perhaps because they have used a different bank card for the return). Maybe it needs to be broken down into constituent NFRs.
Also, is the fit criterion a reasonable measure ie. is 9 a reasonable number, or should it be 1 or 300. I suppose we weren’t asked to write out the full Snow card and if so you could probably have clarified this ie. justified that it was based on a constraint set by a stakeholder say.
Finally, I don’t know what the Type of 12e refers to, I was expecting to see whether the NFR was based around performance, usability, look and feel and so on….
[MW] Changed the description after forum discussions, the original description was a high level solution. Did not change other aspects of this NFR in response to the above comments as I was able to provide background information and an explanation of how I created the NFR content.