REQ-ID:
Description:
Type:
Rationale:
Fit Criterion:
Originator:
Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.
Comment: [Pat B] NFR added to link with REQ-PB-02 as part of TMA03 Q2b
REQ-ID: NFR-REQ-PB-02
Description: The product shall be able to issue the Customer Confirmation of their ticket(s) return at any time
Type: NFR-Operational
Rationale: So that the Customer does not have to wait an excessive amount of time for their return(s) confirmation
Fit Criterion: A Confirmation of Ticket(s) returns shall be issued immediately following receipt of Refund Status from the Payment System which may also occur at any time of day/day of year
Originator: Patrick Burns
[JK] Added review response: ideally a confirmation of ticket(s) return should be sent immediately, but due to load on both the servers or the network there is a possibility that the customer will not receive it that quickly and I think it is this that should be tested.  I would suggest detailing customer percentages, (e.g. 90% of customers), and stating a time period during which they should receive the confirmation, (e.g. 15 seconds).
Comment: [MJW] I agree with JK. 'Immediately' is not defined, maybe within 1 second or other given time frame.
Comment: [MWC] I like this NFR.  I would suggest extending the fit criteria to include the ability to print confirmation from the ëreturnsí screen, as well as receive a confirmatory e-mail, which would fit (pun intended) with ìimmediatelyî in the criterion, plus include a unique reference ID for later queries ("where's my refund").
Comment: [MM]: I also agree - immediately is no measurement in comparable numbers.
Comment: [AW] Others have commented on immediately as a difficult fit criterion to compare with.  It may also be a perception that may vary according to factors outside the server like the internet speeds of the user and their experiences from other comparable sites.  I can see that replacing “immediately” with a specific time or similar may also have been difficult.  Perhaps a server side timing could be proposed like say 2 to 3 seconds and perhaps client side, a wait symbol or progress bar could be helpful in making immediately more tolerant of different client side and inter-networking environments.  